Mitzil Loncheria is deliciosa
Article ID: JB-2009-01-30-013
Author: Joshua Baird
Date: 2009-01-30
Category: Food & Culture

By Joshua Baird
The Clackamas Print
Michael Bonn  Clackamas Print
The mixteado at Mitzil Loncheria is a grilled corn pouch filled with meat and cheese. Mitzil Loncheria is a locally owned
Mexican café located on Molalla Avenue in Oregon City.
1. More classes: most univer sities offer a greater number and
variety of classes than community
colleges, and that’s a good thing
if you like to take unique classes
or extra classes not related to your
major. Where else can you take a
course named “Underwater Crime
Scene Investigation”?
2. Better resources: there is so
much more access to study groups,
tutors, fitness clubs, intramural
sports, you name it. There’s always
something new and fun to do at a
four-year, even if you start it yourself.
3. More people: more people
means … more diversity! Clackamas
isn’t that small of a college but ever
notice how you start to see the same
people all the time? And they become
the only people you talk to? At a university you’re meeting new people
every day and making friends you
have a lot in common with, without
even trying.
4. More opportunities: sororities, frats, clubs, internships, jobs …
the opportunities are, for a lack of a
better word, endless at a secondary
school, and there’s just some opportunities at a 4-year that aren’t available at a community college.
5. Bigger campus: imagine a
sprawling campus so big you’re
forced to ride a bicycle from class to
class. While a bigger campus has its
pros and cons, one cool thing is that
you’re likely to discover something
new often, so you’ll never get bored.
6. More clubs: if you’re interested in joining a club, while there
are many here at CCC, there are
usually so many more at a university.
Just think of all the weird groups you
can join for fun.
7. College athletics:  while we’re
proud of our Cougar basketball team,
we just don’t get the college experience of packing into a stadium and
cheering on the football or baseball
team. If you’re into them, athletics
are a great reason to attend a uni versity.
8. Change of scenery:  there’s so
much more to see and experience and
sometimes a change of surroundings
is just what a college student needs to
really thrive. So pick the college with
the best weather and scenery and go
for it (Miami anyone?).
9. Classes specific to your
major: a four year university, when
you’re a transfer, is the place where
you really get to sink your teeth
into your major. Most of us can
hardly wait to be done with our general education classes. This is where
we really get to get into our future
careers (and change our majors five
or six times).
10. School spirit: the number
of kids wearing “Clackamas” gear
compared to another school, like say
Oregon State, is not even comparable. Kids at universities have a lot
more school spirit, and it’s exciting
to be proud of your school.
By Annemarie Schulte
Arts & Culture Editor
Mitzil Loncheria in
Oregon City pleases
the palate with its
authentic and local
foods; the hours,
however, aren’t so
accomodating
Four-year
college
calls you
to enroll
