Senator takes hits on health care bill
Article ID: JB-UNKNOWNDATE-011
Author: Joshua Baird
Date: 2010-04-14
Category: Public Affairs

By Joshua Baird
The Clackamas Print
Please see MERKLEY, Page 3
Please see NWAACC, Page 4
By Mark Foster
Sports Editor
For the second time in as many years, Clackamas’
men’s basketball team was crowned NWAACC cham pions.
It wasn’t as easy a road to the championship this year,
though.  Beginning the season, things were shaky and
not all the essential pieces to the puzzle were there.
Sophomores Justin Steinke and Chehales
Tapscott, Steinke missing 14 and Tapscott missing
seven, were out for a chunk of games in the beginning
of the season, which also contributed to the rough start.
Missing two key players at the beginning of a season
can be detrimental and even cost a team their season;
Tapscott elaborated, saying, “At the beginning, we
didn’t have all our players so we had a team of ten kids
– ten new kids – two sophomores on the team then the
rest was freshman, then as soon as  I got back in and
Justin [Steinke] got back we got back in sync.”
Tapscott also saw the progression from the beginning
of the season to the end, “I would say in the preseason,
we were a par team, an average team, but  towards the
end of the season we came together and elevated our
game.”
Southern Region All-Star  guard Steinke noticed the
difference between this year and last year.
“Well last year, it seemed like we were No. 1 all year,
and we were supposed to win because we were beating
everyone by so much, and this year people thought we
were struggling because we didn’t win as many games.
We only lost two more games than we did last year but
to everyone else it looked kind of bad,” said Steinke.
Coach Clif Wegner referred to the issues the team
was having as a “turmoil.”
For this year’s squad, success seemed to come over
time. They suffered their first league loss in their home
opener against Chemeketa Community College, when
in the previous season their first league loss came in
the twelfth game of the season.  They followed that loss
with two more, losing again to Chemeketa on Feb. 6,
then to Lane on Feb. 20.
Following the loss to Lane, Wegner had seen enough
and called a team meeting which would prove to be one
of the deciding moments in this team’s season.
Wegner said, “We had a great team meeting with
about two weeks left in the season.  We’d had sort of a
bad situation; we were sort of unraveling. They were
some issues between players, and we just aired it out
and everyone spoke their hearts and an amazing thing
happened, and we walked out of that meeting and  I
thought we were a lot closer.”
Thomas Wasson plays bass guitar at Niemeyer during
the art show in Alexander Gallery on April 8. See story
on page 6
Hillary Cole  Clackamas Print
“
I liked the fact that he was
there in jeans and was like a
normal person.
Jennifer Badeau
Student
Men’s basketball takes 2nd consecutive championship
Obama reforms
student loans
Page 3
Learn sports
terms the
easy way
Page 5
Spanish Club
prepares for
International
Week
Page 7
Men’s basketball demolishes
competiton, walks away with
second consecutive title and fifth
of  all time
